After being elevated from lance corporal to a corporal in the marine corps
I was considered a non commissioned officer and my reporting seniors
thought that I had excellent potential and wrote good fitness
reports for me. When I got in the reserves I was cross service from
them and E-6 staff sergeant the marine corps to E-6 cryptologic technician
first class in the navy. After serving there for two years I
took the chief's exam and I passed the chief's exam which meant I would
be promoted to chief petty officer when that position became available.
But a program came about called the direct commissioning program
where experienced people like myself were offered a chance for
a commission so I was a direct commission based on my previous service
and activities and became commission at that time as an ensign O-1,
and then after that was promoted regularly based again on reviews
from my seniors